feat: improve JS lang docs (#146)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/language-support/javascript.md

```console
npm install -g @bytecodealliance/componentize-js @bytecodealliance/jco
```

> [!NOTE]
> `jco` and `componentize-js` can be installed in a project-local manner with `npm install -D`

[ComponentizeJS][componentize-js] provides tooling used by `jco` to transpile JS to Wasm, so installing both packages is required.

[jco]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco
[componentize-js]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS

## Overview of Building a Component With Javascript

Building a WebAssembly component with Javascript often consists of:

1. Determining which interface our functionality will target (i.e. a [WebAssembly Interface Types ("WIT")][wit] world)
2. Writing Javscript that satisfies the interface
3. Packaging our project Javscript as WebAssembly (whether for use in WebAssembly runtimes, other JS projects, or the browser)

[WebAssembly Interface Types ("WIT")][wit] is a featureful Interface Definition Language ("IDL") for defining functionality, but most
of the time, you shouldn't need to write WIT from scratch. Often, it's sufficient to download a pre-existing interface that defines what
your component should do.

> The [`example` world][wit-example-world] showcases a WIT world that adds two numbers together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`example` world][wit-example-world] exports a single `add` function that sums two numbers:
```

```wit
package example:component;

world example {
    export add: func(x: s32, y: s32) -> s32;
}
```

> This is a simple world that:
> 
> - Defines a namespace called `example`
> - Defines a package called `component`
> - Defines a world called `example`
> - Exports *one* function named `add` that takes two 32 bit *signed* integers and returns a 32 bit signed integer
> 

Reviewer: I think this is a little confusing because the package declaration is not a part of the world. I think the leading sentence recommended in https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/pull/146/files#r1819378981 is sufficient.
```suggestion
```

Author: OK, will remove this section!

> [!NOTE]
> `export`ing the `add` function means that environments that interact with the resulting WebAssembly component
> will be able to *call* the `add` function.
>

> > To learn more about the WIT syntax, check out the full [WIT specification][wit]

Reviewer: We have a WIT explainer in the component book that aims to be more easily consumed than the upstream one. Please point them there instead of having them leave the book: https://component-model.bytecodealliance.org/design/wit.html

Author: Done!

[wit-example-world]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit

> ## Writing the JS to build a WebAssembly component

Reviewer: nit suggestion 
```suggestion
## Implementing a JS WebAssembly component
```

Author: Thanks!

> To implement the [`example` world WIT interface][wit-example-world], we must write a [JavaScript module][mdn-js-module]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the [`example` world][wit-example-world], we must write a [JavaScript module][mdn-js-module]
```

that implements the exported `add` function:

```js
export const add = (x, y) => {
  return x + y;
};
```

> [!NOTE]
> In the code above, the `add` function implementation mirrors the `add` function `export`ed by the `example` world

With the WIT and Javascript in place, we can use [`jco`][jco] to create a WebAssembly component from the JS module, using `jco componentize`.

> Our component is *so simple* (reminiscent of [Core WebAssembly][wasm-core], which deals primarily in numeric values) that we're actually *not using* any of the [WebAssembly System Interface][wasi] -- this means that we can `--disable` it when we invoke `jco componentize`

Reviewer: What happens if you do not disable?

Author: Nothing! Do you want me to remove that note? The purpose of this section was to point towards WASI and make a distinction between core web assembly and what's offered by CM + WASI

- Calls the `export`ed `add` function with arguments
- Prints the result

The important Rust code looks like this:

```rust
let component = Component::from_file(&engine, path).context("Component file not found")?;

let (instance, _) = Example::instantiate_async(&mut store, &component, &linker)
    .await
    .context("Failed to instantiate the example world")?;

instance
    .call_add(&mut store, x, y)
    .await
    .context("Failed to call add function")
```

A quick reminder on the power and new capabilities afforded by WebAssembly -- we've written, loaded, instantiated and executed Javascript from Rust with a strict interface, without the need for FFI, subprocesses or a network call.

[rust-toolchain]: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
[example-host]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host
[wit]: https://github.com/WebAssembly/component-model/blob/main/design/mvp/WIT.md
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en
[cargo]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo
[wasi]: https://wasi.dev/
[wasm-core]: https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/

> ## Running a Component from JavaScript Applications (including the Browser)

Reviewer: nit: use consistent capitalization for headers

Reviewer: i dont think we have it defined, but keeping it consistent within a doc is a good baseline

Author: Ah thanks for pointing this out, I went back and made sure it was consistent in this doc

 - dist/add.core.wasm                   10.1 MiB
 - dist/add.d.ts                         0.1 KiB
 - dist/add.js                          1.57 KiB
```

> [!NOTE]
> To follow along, see the [`jco` example `add` component](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco/tree/main/examples/components/add).
>
> With the project pulled locally, you also run `npm run transpile` which outputs to `dist/transpiled`

Before we can use `add.js` from a NodeJS context, we'll need to *rename* the `add.js` file to `add.mjs` so that NodeJS knows it's a javascript module:

```console
mv dist/add.js dist/add.mjs
```

Thanks to `jco` transpilation, you can import the resulting `dist/add.mjs` file and run it from any JavaScript application
using a runtime that supports the [core WebAssembly specification][core-wasm] as implemented for Javascript.

To use this component from [NodeJS][nodejs], you can write code like the following (in a file with an `.mjs` extension):

```mjs
import { add } from "./dist/add.mjs";

console.log("1 + 2 = " + add(1, 2));
```

You can execute the Javascript module with `node` directly:

```console
node run.mjs
```

You should see output like the following:

```
1 + 2 = 3
```

> This is directly comparable to the Rust host code mentioned in the previous section. Here, we are able to

Reviewer: this PR could be followed up by adding this host to the examples directory

Author: Ah great idea, I'll keep that in mind! As the JS host is sort of the secondary implementation we test things in, that would be a good thing to have in here as a cross-check/other example.

use NodeJS as a host for running WebAssembly, thanks to `jco`'s ability to transpile components.

With `jco transpile` any WebAssembly binary (compiled from any language) can be run in Javascript natively.

[wasm-core-module]: https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/modules.html
[core-wasm]: https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/

## Building Reactor components with `jco`

> Reactor components are WebAssembly components that are long running and meant to be called repeatedly over time. They're analogous to libraries of functionality rather than an executable (a "command" component).

Reviewer: > Reactor components are WebAssembly components that are long running and meant to be called repeatedly over time.

To me, this makes it seem like reactor components are daemons that react to events. I think of them as anything that does not export the `run` function. What is your intent in emphasizing what a reactor component is? How about saying the following and then just calling it a component from then on
```suggestion
Lets look at how to implement a library of functionality in a component using the JavaScript tooling. Components that act as libraries can be thought of as "reactor" or "library" components. This contrasts with a "command" component, which has a specific `run` export that allows it to be executed directly by wasmtime (or other `wasm:cli` hosts). 
```
```

Author: > To me, this makes it seem like reactor components are daemons that react to events.

Unfortunately, this *is* a valid lens to look at reactor components, I think. They kind of act in both this way, and also as library of functionality to other components (not to be confused with shared libraries like `somelib.so`), depending on how they're used. 

Yeah, the problem here was that I really wanted to link out to more involved descriptions of the difference, but command components are actually *not* just everything that does not export `wasi:cli/run` (I wish they were) -- and there used to be a doc on the difference but it's gone now (I think it got stale).

The actual distinction of start vs command component is [whether there is a `_start` export](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasm-component-ld/blob/e00ddf3d8d9f43d6d58d6661c9a48c1ed0733dc3/src/lib.rs#L587). It's a subtle difference but `wasmtime` and other hosts can *interact* with `wasi:cli/run` because it's a pre-established interface/support is built in, but IIRC that's not the main difference!

@guybedford please correct me if I'm wrong here!

Happy to either make this change or remove the section as a whole (arguably it may not be needed) though

> Reactor components (and components in general) expose their interfaces via [WebAssembly Interface Types][docs-wit], hand-in-hand with the [Component Model][docs-component-model] which enables components to use higher level types interchangably.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components expose their interfaces via [WebAssembly Interface Types][docs-wit], hand-in-hand with the [Component Model][docs-component-model] which enables components to use higher level types interchangably.
```

> Up until now, we have focused on building reactor components.

Reviewer: Until now? Don't we continue to?
```suggestion
```

Author: Yep -- building a command component isn't in here, this was not meant to imply that anything would change. Will remove as it could be confusing

[docs-wit]: ../design/wit.md
[docs-component-model]: ../design/why-component-model.md

### Exporting WIT interfaces with `jco`

Packaging reusable functionality into WebAssembly components isn't useful if we have no way to *expose* that functionality. This section offers a slightly deeper dive into the usage of WIT in WebAssembly components that can use the Component Model.

As in the previous example, `export`ing WIT interfaces for other components (or a WebAssembly host) to use is fundamental to developing WebAssembly programs.

Let's examine a [`jco` example project called `string-reverse`][jco-examples-string-reverse] that exposes functionality for reversing a string.

To build a project like `string-reverse` from the ground up, first we'd start with a WIT like the following:

```wit
package example:string-reverse@0.1.0

@since(version = 0.1.0)
interface reverse {
    reverse-string: func(s: string) -> string;
}

world string-reverse {
    export reverse;
}
```

As a slightly deeper crash course on [WIT][wit], here's what the above code describes:

> - We've defined a namespace called `examples`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've defined a namespace called `example`
```

> - We've defined a package called `rev` inside the `examples` namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've defined a package called `string-reverse` inside the `example` namespace
```

> - This WIT file corresponds to version `0.1.0` of `example:rev` package

Reviewer: Please review this section. Some of it does not match the wit

Author: Thanks, overlooked this after changing the WIT!

[`jco`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco) is a fully native JS tool for working with the
emerging WebAssembly Components specification in JavaScript.

[Typescript][ts] can *also* be used, given that it is transpiled to JS first by relevant tooling (`tsc`).
`jco` includes a `jco types` subcommand for generating typings that can be used with a Typescript codebase.

[ts]: https://typescriptlang.org

## Installing `jco`

Installing `jco` can be done via the normal JS tooling in a NodeJS project:

```console
npm install @bytecodealliance/jco

> ```

Reviewer: This is a redundant step to the next "Building a component with jco" step. Can you remove the jco install from that step or remove this added section.

Author: Ah thanks, yeah I want to opt for removing the `jco` install from the other step, what do you think? I like the idea of "how to install" as a separate section since it seems common to expect/can can vary.

Author: I've modified the PR bit with how I was thinking it should look -- would definitely appreciate some feedback/edits.

[`jco`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco) is a fully native JS tool for working with the
emerging WebAssembly Components specification in JavaScript.

[Typescript][ts] can *also* be used, given that it is transpiled to JS first by relevant tooling (`tsc`).
`jco` includes a `jco types` subcommand for generating typings that can be used with a Typescript codebase.

[ts]: https://typescriptlang.org

## Installing `jco`

> Installing [`jco`][jco] (and it's required peer dependency [`componentize-js`][componentize-js]) can be done via NodeJS project tooling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing [`jco`][jco] (and its required peer dependency [`componentize-js`][componentize-js]) can be done via NodeJS project tooling:
```

```console
npm install -g @bytecodealliance/componentize-js @bytecodealliance/jco
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > `jco` and `componentize-js` in a project-local manner with `npm install -D`

Reviewer: I am not sure this syntax works for mdbook. I'd recommend removing:

```suggestion
> `jco` and `componentize-js` in a project-local manner with `npm install -D`
```

Author: It can, with the help of [`mdbook-alerts`](https://crates.io/crates/mdbook-alerts)

I think it'd be great to have the nice alert rendering in both mdbook and github -- if you're OK with it, I'll add `mdbook-alerts` to the rendering.

> > [!NOTE]
> > `jco` and `componentize-js` in a project-local manner with `npm install -D`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> `jco` and `componentize-js` can be installed in a project-local manner with `npm install -D`
```

> [ComponentizeJS][componentize-js] only provides compilation tools (JS -> WASM transpilation) used by `jco`, so installing both packages is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ComponentizeJS][componentize-js] provides tooling used by `jco` to transpile JS to Wasm, so installing both packages is required.
```

[jco]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco
[componentize-js]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS

## Building a Component with `jco`

> The first step in building a WebAssembly component is creating or downloading the interface that defines what your component can do. This usually means creating or downloading the [WebAssembly Interface Types ("WIT")][wit] world you would like to "target" with your component.

Reviewer: I am still not seeing `[WebAssembly Interface Types ("WIT")][wit]` rendered appropriately even with the latest plugins and mdbook. Can you confirm this is rendering appropriately for you @vados-cosmonic? Maybe share a screenshot?

Author: Ah it wasn't rendering properly because I mistakenly named the `[wit]` reference `[wit-spec]` -- fixed!

> The [`examples/tutorial/jco/add` example](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/tutorial/jco/add) will use the [`adder` world](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/tutorial/jco/add/wit/component.wit) which exports an `add` function:

Reviewer: Please use a WIT already used in the docs. Either 
1. the wit used by all language guides with the `example` world https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/blob/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit
2. the [`adder` world](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/blob/d810c3599d391e1a911cbbfb6889dac1d2754625/component-model/examples/tutorial/wit/adder/world.wit) from the tutorial. we will probably want to update all examples in the language guide to use this WIT instead given that it uses an interface.

I'd like to avoid bringing in a third one that looks similar to the other two. it already is a little confusing. Doing 1 means you can use the Rust `example-host` to execute it. If you do 2, we can then use this as the new host as we move towards updating to the adder world in the examples

Author: Will update -- yes we can absolutely use the `add.wit` -- I would have gone with (1), other than the fact that the `add` example should be moved in the first place.

Reviewer: This looks like it needs updating to use the existing add.wit which have an `example` world

Author: Ah yes -- the way the component is written in the other example (i.e. not the one I wrote), is quite different, left this out but it should be updated.

Author: Just updated this -- required some changes to the links and also the instructions for compiling the code.

```wit

> package example:components;
> 
> world adder {

Reviewer: Per previous discussions, can you revert these changes and use the existing add.wit.

```suggestion
package example:component;

world example {
```

}
```

> [!NOTE]
> `export`ing the `add` function meants that runners of the WebAssembly binary will be able to *call* that function.
>
> To learn more about the WIT syntax, check out the full [WIT specification][wit-spec]

Along with this WIT interface, we can write a JavaScript module that implements the exported `add` function in the `adder` world:

```js
export function add(x, y) {
  return x + y;
}
```

With the WIT and Javascript in place, we can use [`jco`][jco] to create a WebAssembly component from the JS module, using `jco componentize`.

Our component is *so simple* (reminiscent of [Core WebAssembly][wasm-core], which deals primarily in numeric values) that we're actually *not using* any of the [WebAssembly System Interface][wasi] -- this means that we can `--disable` it when we invoke `jco componentize`

```console
jco componentize \
    --wit add.wit \
    --world-name adder \
    --out add.wasm \
    --disable all \
    add.js
```

You should see output like the following:

```
OK Successfully written add.wasm.
```

> [!NOTE]
> As the `add` example is [NodeJS][nodejs] compatible, you can also run `npm install && npm run build`,

> > without having `jco` and `componentize-js` installed globally.

Reviewer: I would clarify here that you can run it as a native binary instead of wasm

Author: I think it might be a little weird to say that just because of how NodeJS works but I will try and change this -- mabye "a regular NodeJS project" makes more sense?

To run the component, we can use the [`example-host` project][example-host] (also used  in the [Rust `add` host](./rust.md#creating-a-command-component-with-cargo-component) instructions):

```console

> cd component-model/examples/example-host

Reviewer: Have you tested this? Does it work given you've changed the name of the world?

Author: Yup I tested this and it works but it *could* fail if people didn't follow the steps above. 

Committing `add.wasm` would make it work 100% of the time, but since `add` is going to move out of this repo I'll probably revert the changes here and use the placeholder `../path/to/add.wasm`, as it was before

cargo run --release -- 1 2 ../tutorial/jco/add/add.wasm
1 + 2 = 3
```

> > [!WARN]

Reviewer: does not appear to be a valid marker when i do a `mdbook serve`
```suggestion
```

> You can run the above commands with `npm start`.
>
> Note that the code above depends on the [`example-host` Rust project][example-host], so the Rust toolchain is required for running that example, in particular [`cargo`][cargo]

While the output isn't exciting, the code contained in `example-host` does a lot to make it happen:

> - Loads the WebAssembly binary at the provided path (in the command above, `../tutorial/jco/add/add.wasm`)

Reviewer: please update path
```suggestion
- Loads the WebAssembly binary at the provided path (in the command above, `../path/to/add.wasm`)
```

- Calls the `export`ed `add` function with arguments
- Prints the result

The important Rust code looks like this:

```rust
let component = Component::from_file(&engine, path).context("Component file not found")?;

let (instance, _) = Example::instantiate_async(&mut store, &component, &linker)
    .await
    .context("Failed to instantiate the example world")?;

instance
    .call_add(&mut store, x, y)
    .await
    .context("Failed to call add function")
```

> A quick reminder on the power and new capabilities afforded by WebAssembly -- we've written, loaded, instantiated and executed Javascript with a strict interface, without the need for FFI, subprocesses or a network call.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quick reminder on the power and new capabilities afforded by WebAssembly -- we've written, loaded, instantiated and executed Javascript from Rust with a strict interface, without the need for FFI, subprocesses or a network call.

```

[example-host]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host
[wit-spec]: https://github.com/WebAssembly/component-model/blob/main/design/mvp/WIT.md
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en
[cargo]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo
[wasi]: https://wasi.dev/
[wasm-core]: https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/

## Running a Component from JavaScript Applications (including the Browser)

JavaScript runtimes available in browsers cannot yet execute WebAssembly components, a WebAssembly component
built in any language (Javascript or otherwise) must be transpiled into a JavaScript wrapper and
a [WebAssembly core module][wasm-core-module] which *can* be run by in-browser Wasm runtimes.

The Javascript toolchain also allows us to run WebAssembly binaries built in Javascript (or other languages) from Javascript-native projects. `jco` can perform this conversion (referred to as "transpilation") for us:

```console
jco transpile add.wasm -o out-dir
```

You should see the following output:

```
Transpiled JS Component Files:

 - out-dir/add.core.wasm  6.72 MiB
 - out-dir/add.d.ts       0.05 KiB
 - out-dir/add.js          0.8 KiB
```

> [!NOTE]

> > You can also use `npm run transpile` which outputs to `dist/transpiled`

Reviewer: what is the difference here? Why would someone choose to do this?

Author: So this makes sense in the conte4xt of the lines above -- transpilation is a way to use the wasm modules *inside* a regular JS project or in the browser

Author: Maybe I'm misunderstanding the question here -- `npm run` is quite baked in for NodeJS users -- maybe it's unclear that the note here is encouraging `npm run <task>` *versus* typing out the `jco` command explicitly every time

Author: Hey @kate-goldenring going to resolve this, please let me know if this is still confusing!

A WebAssembly core module and JavaScript bindings have been outputted to the `out-dir`.

Thanks to `jco` transpilation, you can import the resultant `add.js` file and run it from any JavaScript application
using a runtime that supports the [core WebAssembly specification][core-wasm] as implemented for Javascript.

> This example renames it and imports it as an ECMAScript module for ease of running locally with [NodeJS][nodejs] (you can find this code in [`run-transpiled.js`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/tutorial/jco/add/run-transpiled.js):

Reviewer: This no longer exists. Should it be referencing `cli-calc.js` instead?

```console
npm install -g @bytecodealliance/componentize-js @bytecodealliance/jco
```

> [!NOTE]
> `jco` and `componentize-js` can be installed in a project-local manner with `npm install -D`

[ComponentizeJS][componentize-js] provides tooling used by `jco` to transpile JS to Wasm, so installing both packages is required.

[jco]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco
[componentize-js]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS

## Building a Component with `jco`

The first step in building a WebAssembly component is creating or downloading the interface that defines what your component can do. This usually means creating or downloading the [WebAssembly Interface Types ("WIT")][wit] world you would like to "target" with your component.

The [`adder` tutorial example](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/tutorial/adder) will use the [`component` world](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/tutorial/wit/adder/world.wit) which exports an `add` interface:

```wit

> package docs:adder@0.1.0;

Reviewer: Can you explain why you are using this interface? Other examples use [add.wit](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/blob/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit) which is the world expected by the host-example you execute later

Author: Ah this is because there is no `add` example written in JS in this repo -- I should not be referencing the tutorial example but should be referencing `jco` instead here, like everywhere else in the guide!

It probably doesn't make sense to reference the tutorial WIT when we don't have *actual code* in here that points to it, like the rust example (since that was moved to `jco`). 

What I *should* have done here was pointed to the example in `jco` in the first place.

Author: Ideally, I'd like to have a repo/working code available for each example -- I think right now the other examples kind of expect you to write all the code?

Author: Maybe I've misunderstood something about the structure of the component-docs -- the language-specific sections come *before* the tutorial, and none of the other languages actually effectively use the rust host to run the components. 

Is the idea that the language specific guides are *part* of the future tutorial? Or that they should stand alone as references? I was thinking it was the latter!

Reviewer: @vados-cosmonic could you look at one of the other language guides in the docs for reference? The idea is to provide guidance on implementing this [world](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/blob/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit). You don't need to reference a complete solution. Then, you can point them to the [example host](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host) to execute it (as you already do).

The tutorial is separate of the language guides. I would not reference any of those worlds in the language guide

Author: Wow, I just  completely misunderstood the intent here -- I will make a language guide identical to the existing ones, The stuff in here was more to go with the examples, and that's not what the others were doing at all. 

Apologies, will rework this :bow:

Reviewer: I don't think you need to do too much reworking. it is great if this goes above and beyond the other guides but the baseline (add example) should be the same. You can still walk through the jco examples here since they are hosted in jco.

Author: Ah OK, so what I will make sure to do is near carbon copy the format of the other guides, and add any extra information to the bottom as new sections. 

That should make it easy to differentiate (and review) stuff matching the existing format and new more JS specific content!

Now, use `jco` to create a component from the JS module:

```console
jco componentize add.js --wit add.wit --world-name example --out add.wasm
OK Successfully written add.wasm with imports ().
```

Now, run the component using the [Rust `add` host](./rust.md#creating-a-command-component-with-cargo-component):

```console
cd component-model/examples/add-host
cargo run --release -- 1 2 ../path/to/add.wasm
1 + 2 = 3
```

## Running a Component from JavaScript Applications

As the JavaScript runtime available in browsers cannot yet execute Wasm components, a WebAssembly component
built in any language (Javascript or otherwise) must be transpiled into a JavaScript wrapper and
a [WebAssembly core module][wasm-core-module] which *can* be run by in-browser Wasm runtimes.

> `jco` can be perform this conversion (referred to as "transpilation"):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jco` can perform this conversion (referred to as "transpilation"):
```

```console
jco transpile add.wasm -o out-dir
```

> You should see the following output:n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see the following output:
```

console.log("1 + 2 = " + add(1, 2));
```

You can execute the above example code with `node` :

```console
$ mv out-dir/add.js out-dir/add.mjs
$ node app.mjs
```

You should see the following output:

```
1 + 2 = 3
```

> [!NOTE]
> Given WebAssembly's nature as a cross-language binary format, you can run
> a WebAssembly core module (or component) produced by Javascript from *any*
> language with any language that supports using a WebAssembly runtime (ex. `wasmtime`)

[wasm-core-module]: https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/modules.html

## Building Reactor components with `jco`

> Reactor components are WebAssembly components that are long runnign and meant to be called repeatedly over a long period of time. They're analogous to libraries of functionality rather than an executable (a "command" component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reactor components are WebAssembly components that are long running and meant to be called repeatedly over a long period of time. They're analogous to libraries of functionality rather than an executable (a "command" component).
```

    }

    flags eval-flags {
      allow-type-coercion,
    }

    is-string-expr: func(expr: borrow<expression>) -> bool;

    eval: func(expr: expression, opts: option<eval-flags>) -> result<operand, string>;

    eval-all: func(
        expressions: list<tuple<expression, option<eval-flags>>
    ) -> list<result<operand, string>>;
}
```

If we were exporting the `types` interface, we would write code like the following in javascript:

```js
((TODO))
```

[docs-wit-udt]: ../design/wit.md#user-defined-types

## Resources

[Resources][docs-wit-resources] are handles to entities that live outside the component/host, for example in another component or the host.

Hosts can fulfill WIT contracts and make resources available to components, and components  can also fulfill WIT contracts making resources savailable to other components or the host itself.

Callers (whether hosts or components) are unaware of how a specific resource is implemented, but they are able to create them (if a relevant constructor exists), and call operations on them, treating them as opaque handles.

[docs-wit-resources]: ../design/wit.md#resources

### Example

### Importing and using a resource (component)

> ((TODO))

Author: Ah this is a great point, I actually meant to *remove* this section all together since it wasn't written yet. Rather than do that, I'll make this change!

> ((TODO))

Author: Weird, I think this comment was somehow leftover/not shown from the last round, this *was* removed (I removed the sections since they weren't ready) -- so will resolve this

> [!NOTE]
> You can also run this with `npm run transpile`, and the transpilation will happen, along with the rename.

Now that we have a transpiled module, we can run it from any Javascript context that supports core WebAssembly (whether NodeJS or the browser):

```
node run-transpiled.js
```

> [!NOTE]
> You can also run `npm run transpiled-js`

Assuming you have the `dist/transpiled` folder populated (by running `jco transpile` in the previous step), you should see output like the following:

```
reverseString('!dlrow olleh') = hello world!
```

While it's somewhat redundant in this context, what we've done from NodeJS demonstrates the usefulness of WebAssembly and the `jco` toolchain. With the help of `jco`, we have:

- Compiled Javascript to a WebAssembly module (`jco compile`), adhering to an interface defined via WIT
- Converted the compiled WebAssembly module (which could be from *any* language) to a module that can be used from any compliant JS runtime (`jco transpile`)
- Run the transpiled WebAssembly component from a Javascript native runtime (NodeJS)

[repo]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs

> [examples-string-reverse]: https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/tutorial/jco/string-reverse

Reviewer: These no longer exist. Can they be moved upstream into jco or can we reference existing jco examples?

Author: Thanks for catching this -- yes, this absolutely should be pointing to `jco`, those have been merged upstream now

console.log("1 + 2 = " + add(1, 2));
```

You can execute the above example code with `node` :

```console
# cp out-dir/add.js out-dir/add.mjs
node run-transpiled.js
```

You should see the following output:

```
1 + 2 = 3
```

> [!NOTE]
> You can also run `npm run transpiled-js` (after running `npm run transpile`)

> Though similar to the Rust code mentioned in the previous section, the Javascript code *also* accomplishes the same
> results, running the WebAssembly binary (which could have been written in any language) from the host language
> (Javascript) natively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is directly comparable to the Rust host code mentioned in the previous section. The Javascript code *also* runs the WebAssembly binary (which could have been written in any language) from the host language
(Javascript) natively.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Given WebAssembly's nature as a cross-language binary format, you can run
> a WebAssembly core module (or component) produced by Javascript from *any*

> > language with any language that supports using a WebAssembly runtime (ex. `wasmtime`)

Reviewer: Seems like a verb is missing here? it can be executed?

Author: Ah that "with any language" should be removed!
